---
title: "Purpose"
date: 2025-01-24T04:25:54+09:00
tags:
  - Self
  - World Modeling
excerpt: "Why do anything at all?"
---

Why live? Why do anything at all?

Growing up, I wanted to be an Astrophysicist because I thought space was cool.
Then I went to college. I studied physics and made friends. I did academic research and talked to a lot of very nice people.

As I learned how the world worked, I got more and more confused because the world was really really detailed and weird, the people were weirder still, and nobody had any idea what was going on. Specifically, things like stars at least made some sense as to why they worked that way, if we started from physics. Yeah, gravity binds gas into a proto-star, at some point this gets hot enough to do some nuclear fusion, it starts glowing! Then it runs out of light-enough atoms to smash together and the gravity gets to be too much, so it collapses then explodes and "dies". Humans are much weirder than that, and society, the result of many humans all doing their own thing while sort-of trying to collaborate to do something bigger, is a lot weirder still.

This got me really interested in the foundational questions, the philosophical questions that initially seem to never lead anywhere, like: "why are humans so weird? what's the meaning of life?"

To my understanding, people operate by trying to contextually satisfy a bunch of different objectives at once. These objectives are sometimes complementary, but often compete with each other enough for it to be a problem. 

(Work in Progress)